tutorials my-first-widget: Add pydantic models, hints and some minor improvements. (#396)
ewoks-kit/ewoksorange: doc/tutorials/my_first_widget/testing.rst

.. image:: img/first_discovery.png

.. note:: in this example we have an empty project with orange installed. The ``OWClipData`` has been added in a `Test Tuto` orangecontrib.

.. hint:: 

    `ewoks-canvas` is automatically launching the widget discovery. If you are using orange-canvas instead you might need to use the `--force-discovery` option.

.. warning::

>     each Orange widget should be in a dedicated file. Else widget discovery done by orange will fail.

Author: improving clarity

Reviewer: Would be nice to tell what is the consequence of this.

Ex:

```suggestion
    each Orange widget should be in a dedicated file. Else an error will be printed when running the canvas and the widget will not be available in Orange.
```
